README.md, before:

# PythonDevToolbox

PythonDevToolbox is a collection of small Python applications that can be accessed via a GUI window. This project was created using ChatGPT and is currently not intended for productive use. As a result, the code may contain errors and should be carefully reviewed before use.

## Project Status

This project is currently in development and is not ready for use. Planned changes and future development direction will be announced at a later date.


## Table of Contents

| Tool          | Description                             | File          |
|---------------|-----------------------------------------|---------------|
| Toolset Python | This is the entry point of the program. | toolset_python.py |
| Code Combiner | The Code Combiner combines multiple text values together.             | code_combiner.py |




## Requirements

To use PythonDevToolbox, you will need a development environment with Python3 installed. You will also need to install the tkinter library, which is used for the GUI.

To install tkinter on Ubuntu:

`sudo apt-get install python3-tk`


To install tkinter on CentOS or RHEL:

`sudo yum install python3-tkinter`


To install tkinter on Windows:

`pip install tkinter`


## Installation and Use

To install PythonDevToolbox, clone the repository to your local machine using Git:

`git clone https://github.com/capwe/PythonDevToolbox.git`


To start PythonDevToolbox, navigate to the directory where you cloned the repository and run the main Python script:

`python toolset_python.py`


If you have any problems with the installation or use of PythonDevToolbox, please open an issue on GitHub.

## Technologies Used

PythonDevToolbox uses the following technologies:

- Python
- GUI library (to be announced)

## Desired Collaboration

If you are interested in contributing to the development of PythonDevToolbox, please contact the project maintainer for more information.

## Known Bugs and Issues

There are currently no known bugs or issues with PythonDevToolbox. If you encounter any problems, please report them to the project maintainer.

## FAQ

---

Q: Is PythonDevToolbox intended for productive use? 

A: No, PythonDevToolbox is currently not intended for productive use. The code may contain errors and should be carefully reviewed before use.

---

## Copyright and License

PythonDevToolbox is released under the MIT license. For more information, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

Commit message:

add PW Generator to README.md

README.md, after:

# PythonDevToolbox

PythonDevToolbox is a collection of small Python applications that can be accessed via a GUI window. This project was created using ChatGPT and is currently not intended for productive use. As a result, the code may contain errors and should be carefully reviewed before use.

## Project Status

This project is currently in development and is not ready for use. Planned changes and future development direction will be announced at a later date.


## Table of Contents

| Tool               | Description                                               | File          |
|--------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|---------------|
| Toolset Python     | This is the entry point of the program.                   | toolset_python.py |
| Code Combiner      | The Code Combiner combines multiple text values together. | code_combiner.py |
| Password Generator | Generate password with letters and numbers                | password_generator.py |




## Requirements

To use PythonDevToolbox, you will need a development environment with Python3 installed. You will also need to install the tkinter library, which is used for the GUI.

To install tkinter on Ubuntu:

`sudo apt-get install python3-tk`


To install tkinter on CentOS or RHEL:

`sudo yum install python3-tkinter`


To install tkinter on Windows:

`pip install tkinter`


## Installation and Use

To install PythonDevToolbox, clone the repository to your local machine using Git:

`git clone https://github.com/capwe/PythonDevToolbox.git`


To start PythonDevToolbox, navigate to the directory where you cloned the repository and run the main Python script:

`python toolset_python.py`


If you have any problems with the installation or use of PythonDevToolbox, please open an issue on GitHub.

## Technologies Used

PythonDevToolbox uses the following technologies:

- Python
- GUI library (to be announced)

## Desired Collaboration

If you are interested in contributing to the development of PythonDevToolbox, please contact the project maintainer for more information.

## Known Bugs and Issues

There are currently no known bugs or issues with PythonDevToolbox. If you encounter any problems, please report them to the project maintainer.

## FAQ

---

Q: Is PythonDevToolbox intended for productive use? 

A: No, PythonDevToolbox is currently not intended for productive use. The code may contain errors and should be carefully reviewed before use.

---

## Copyright and License

PythonDevToolbox is released under the MIT license. For more information, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.
